docs: Added how to send Vunerability Reports (#28)
briefercloud/briefer: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

You have two channels for this: 

> * Using [repository](https://github.com/briefercloud/briefer) > Security > Report a vunerability. Make sure that fill all or the max of information to correct report, we can contact you for collect more information about this
> * Using the founders email: [founders@briefer.cloud](mailto:founders@briefer.cloud)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [repository](https://github.com/briefercloud/briefer) > Security > Report a vunerability. Make sure to fill in as much information as possible and enter your contact details so we can contact you to ask for more details.
2. Using the founders email: [founders@briefer.cloud](mailto:founders@briefer.cloud)
```
